feat(template) : Added automation tool as makim (#168)
osl-incubator/scicookie: docs/guide.md

In case you do not want to include DevOps in your project, you can do so
by selecting the option `None` (this is the default option).

## Automation Tools

An automation tool is software or a platform designed to automate repetitive 
tasks, processes, or workflows that are traditionally performed manually.
These tools are used to streamline and optimize various operations, reduce 
human intervention, increase efficiency, and minimize errors.

> Currently OSL is using `make` and `Makim`

Reviewer: Improve it, Here it should be SciCookie.

Reviewer 2: @ayeankit, could you open a follow-up PR to change OSL to SciCokkie, as pointed by @anavelyz, please?

thanks @anavelyz for catching that!

Author: sure !!

> - [Makim](https://osl-incubator.github.io/makim):MakIm is an innovative tool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Makim](https://osl-incubator.github.io/makim): MakIm is an innovative tool
```

inspired by Make, designed to simplify target and dependency definition
through YAML format. It introduces advanced features such as conditionals,
arguments, and dependencies with targeted parameters. It also facilitates
organized grouping of targets and supports user-defined variables and environment
variables. MakIm empowers users to streamline documentation and parameterize
targets effectively. This free and open-source tool offers improved target
management while maintaining compatibility with familiar YAML syntax.

> - [Make](https://pypi.org/project/make/):Make is a versatile build automation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Make](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software)): Make is a versatile build automation
```
